Fix alert regression in create email html body script (#34966)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_15_13.md

#### Scripts

##### CreateEmailHtmlBody

> Fixed an issue where the alerts field was not mapped on XSIAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the alerts field was not mapped in Cortex XSIAM.
```
